oh I hate Air France yeah okay hi
welcome to Maya's hotel how may I serve
you can't chicken wait wait wait why
does it was your house right there oh
right to tell you this um a whole stay
you'll be getting animals every once in
a while oh yeah I've been here a short
for that okay I'm sorry I'd like to stay
here yeah here's you need my card on you
oh yes we need your ID for colleague to
make sure you're in my ID yeah yeah
don't you just be my ticket well yeah
yeah oh ok ok ok ok my card now Stacey
skin uh ok ok surprise ok um I want you
to stay at your name um soon as the
parking son ok Samantha for king's son
ok next minute parties Oh barf barfing
son got it parkinson part of Parkinson
and got it ok yeah okay okay um let's
think you already yeah i mighta think
there's anything else whoo nothing hmm
check your weight what you need me to
check my please yeah good there yep ok
take off all your luggage ok then take
it off ok uh you way over 10 pounds ok
perfect over 10 town you got it ok you
are there's you're all set then ok oh my
room number oh right it is a 24 on
lincolnway I yeah play four on
lincolnway on the third floor before oh
yeah yeah third floor yeah grab a spoon
ok let's learn about numbers well is
that so that's my wife I think um sorry
that's my wife she's a little obsessed
with this thing magic Bobby ok um yeah
so I'll see you yeah I hope you have a
nice fish my room is a stranger I think
this is yeah oh my gosh this is the
sweep I'm Noctis this is this thing ever
i love how everything's such an orderly
fashion tape oh my should base hey
thanks this some stuff there of my book
fell out a pen and it works
okay oh my gosh Oh a fish with this
thing um point yeah let's hop is it isso
clean my door still open now wow I am
tired wait first in you right now at the
Mayas oh tell why am i right ah oh well
thank you something what was I noise it
must be rebuilding something um yeah I
absolutely love I mean he doesn't this
is not my handwriting mm-hmm every how
much money do this I'm gonna bed